[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
After agreeing to compete in
Cell's upcoming tournament,
Goku returned to the Lookout,
where he gave his friends
a glimpse of the power
he gained inside the
Hyperbolic Time Chamber.
Despite the dazzling
display, Goku admitted
that even he might not be
a match for the monster!
The countdown to the
Cell Games continues now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] The Truce is Broken!
The Defense Force
Strikes Back at Cell!
Right, then... Perhaps a little
warm-up might do some good.
[CELL LAUGHS]
The cells I inherited
from Frieza and his father
certainly come in handy...
Hmph.
Hm.
Let's give the
humans a little show.
That should provide some
momentary amusement.
[GRUMBLING AND YELLING]
C'mon! Whaddya waiting
for? Outta the way!
Wow...! Look, Mom!
[HOUSEWIFE] What's
happening up there?
[MAN] Shooting stars in
the middle of the day?
Goku!
[CHICHI] Huh?
Gohan, honey!
Great. Where'd the two of them
go running off to this time?
It sure is peaceful.
Yeah.
Hey... you know what?
Hm?
I'm... really happy.
[GOKU] Yeah? How come?
Well, because. We're fishing,
like you promised...
It's been a long time coming.
Wait, when'd I promise
to take you fishing?
[GOHAN] Dontcha remember?
It was way back
when you first fought Vegeta.
Really...? You sure?
Yeah... I was there.
You couldn't have
forgotten about it.
Uh...?
One last thing...
I'm sorry we have to...
leave our fate to
you alone, but...
Don't you even think
about dying on me, friend.
Mm. Right.
[GOHAN SGHS]
Whadda ya say once I
finish this business here...
how about you and I
go fishing together?
[Goku sighs, laughs]
Right?
Oh, yeah...! I had forgotten!
We've done all sorts of training
and stuff together since then,
but we never got around to
the fishing until just today.
[GOKU] You're not mad, are you?
Goku... I know... I owe
you a major apology.
What for?
Cell was only able to
reach his perfect form...
'cause I couldn't bring myself
to shut down Android 18.
Hey...! Dontcha give
it another thought...
I'm stronger than I've
ever been before,
and Gohan got some good
training in as well.
I just feel bad... you having
to save me all the time.
What do you mean, Krillin...?
Of course I'm gonna
save you! We're pals!
[KRILLIN] Sure we are.
But you're at a level
I can only dream of. Feels
like millions of years ago
since we fought
side-by-side, y'know?
[GOKU] Does it? To me, it
seems like only yesterday
ol' Master Roshi was
showing us both the ropes.
Boy, we were green...
Cut it out. Those days're
over. Gone for good.
Aw, stop being modest!
[KRILLIN WAILS]
Help! Goku! Save me!
Whoa, sorry, Krillin!
Take my hand!
Hehehe...
[GOKU] Whoa!
[GOKU GASPS FOR AIR]
[KRILLIN LAUGHS]
Oh, you're the same
Goku, all right...!
That's the oldest
trick in the book!
Least my feet can touch bottom!
[KRILLIN AND GOHAN LAUGH]
[KRILLIN] Hey, wait a minute.
[KRILLIN] Just look at him.
Cool as a cucumber.
Guess Goku really hasn't
changed from the old days...
Hey, wait...!
I bet Goku and Gohan are
training this very minute!
[KRILLIN CHUCKLES]
All right. I know
a way to find out.
Sure, he looks asleep,
but if I know him,
he's poised and ready.
He's gonna dodge this rock
like I threw it at
him in slow-motion.
Heh heh! No doubt about it!
[Krillin grunts]
Ahh!!
Hey! What's the big idea?!
Sorry... about... that...!
Just because I'm
a Super Saiyan,
it doesn't mean I don't
have nerves in my head!
Uh...?
[chomping and chewing]
That was tasty!
If you're done... you should
get started on homework.
Right.
Uh...
[GOKU] Mm mmm!
[GOKU SLURPS]
[KRILLIN] Is this really
the way Goku's gonna
spend his time getting
ready for the tournament?
I mean, how's chowing down
gonna help him beat Cell...?
[MISTER POPO TREMBLES]
Tch! Why is that fool still
dragging his feet...?!
He's late! Probably
passed out, the weakling!
Please, you must give
him time. Now, if you...
[VEGETA] Come on!
Just try to cheat
me out of my time!
I'll break down the
door and drag you out!
Ah...! He's here.
Well, could you have
taken any longer in there?
[POPO TREMBLES, TRUNKS GASPS]
Now then... stand aside.
[TRUNKS] Piccolo's
power has increased
to heights I couldn't
have imagined...!
Well, Namekian... Looks like
you haven't changed a bit.
Were you taking a
nap or something?
[VEGETA CHUCKLES]
[VEGETA]
Wait and see, Kakarot...!
I swear on our lost home
world, I will surpass you!
[KING FURRY]
Citizens of the world...
the battle may be fierce,
but your Royal Defense Force
is determined to stop
this monstrous Cell,
whatever it may take.
Though these are
turbulent times,
I urge all of you
to remain calm...
The military won't even
be able to scratch him...
It's all up to Goku
and the others now.
And maybe 16 here, too.
He sure is one
incredible machine...
Not only is he way
stronger than 17 and 18,
he has extra hardware,
like the device
that allows him to
detect power levels.
And I haven't even
started figuring out
what materials he's made of...
Hey! You see that?
The jumpy one...!
Next time, we'll pull
up some real whoppers!
Um... is this okay...?
[GOKU] Hm?
You know... us taking
it so easy like this.
Yeah, man... I'll never get
how you can be so calm.
Look, don't worry about it!
It's gonna work out... Prob'ly.
You... mean you don't... know?
We're gonna win...
I'm positive...
Cross my heart, okay?
Training ourselves
into the ground
isn't going to
do us any good...
We gave it our all, right?
Yeah... We did.
Guess I should trust you, Goku.
It's always worked out before.
Hey, boys! Better come here
before I eat your food!
Oh! It's lunchtime!
All right. Son, let's have
ourselves a nice picnic
and not worry about anything.
[GOHAN] Ah...
I know! On our
way back home,
how about we drop in on
Master Roshi for a bit?
Yeah. Huh?
[GOKU] Whoa...
[horns honking]
That's some awful traffic.
Yeah, everybody wants
to get out of the city.
Can't say that I blame 'em...
If I didn't know
better, I would think
hiding out in the boonies
would be safer, too.
Sure, guess that makes sense.
None of the stores
here are open...
It's like a ghost town.
Well,... suppose no one
wants to go to work
when they think the world's
going to end in a week...
Paycheck sure won't
help them any.
Too bad...
I wanted to get some
shopping in on the way.
I know what you mean.
I was thinking we could
grab a little something
for Master Roshi.
U-Uhh...
[MALE ANNOUNCER]
We interrupt this
programming block
for a special news bulletin.
Hey! At least that guy
went in to work.
[MALE ANNOUNCER]
The Royal Defense Force has
reached coordinate 5-28-KS,
where they will engage
the creature known as Cell.
Their attack will
begin at any moment.
What?!
[SOLDIERS YELL]
[MALE ANNOUNCER]
I've never seen anything like
this, ladies and gentlemen!
It's the whole Royal Defense
Force deployed to one location!
The monster won't survive this
outpouring of military might!
Huh...?
What are they up to?!
Fools...! This plan
isn't gonna work!
It doesn't matter what
they throw at him,
Cell's too much for them!
Interesting...
Seems an army of buffoons
has come calling.
Ready your weapons!
[BEEPING OF MACHINERY]
Heh...
Sir, he's running!
Hardly...
but I can't have you
destroying my lovely
tournament ring, now can I?
Weapons hot...! Engage...!
Don't let that thing get away!
Ahh...!
[MULTIPLE EXPLOSIONS
AND GUNFIRE]
[MULTIPLE EXPLOSIONS]
[GUNFIRE]
[EXPLOSION]
[MALE ANNOUNCER]
They're hitting that hilltop
with everything
they've got, folks!
The ordinance is
almost deafening!
This assault is tremendous,
and the military is
not letting up...!
Honestly, when they
finally stop shooting,
I don't think there's going
to be any of that thing left!
No...! Stop...! Run away!
[EXPLOSION]
[GUNFIRE]
Stop...! Hold your fire!
Ahh...! Ahh...!
Cease fire...! Cease fire!
Ahh...!
[MALE SOLDIER 85-B
BREATHES HEAVILY]
[MALE SOLDIER
85-D LAUGHS]
You like that...?
Huh, tough guy?!
[COMMANDER SIGHS]
[COMMANDER GASPS]
No! It can't be...!
What...? We missed...?!
[MALE SOLDIER 85-G]
No...! That's impossible!
What is that thing?!
I'll have to
teach these fools
not to go attacking
their betters.
[CELL LAUGHS]
[SOLDIERS YELL IN FEAR]
[MALE ANNOUNCER] It survived!
I don't believe it!
Cell is floating in mid-air
just as though nothing happened!
How... dare you...?!
[CELL] There. And not
a scratch on my ring.
[CELL LAUGHS]
Hey, listen Chichi,
you guys can go on
ahead without me...
I've gotta go have a talk
with Piccolo for a second.
So... uh...
We're just supposed to
stay here...? I guess...?
Dunno.
[PICCOLO] Goku!
--[GOKU] Hey!
--[PICCOLO] What's up?
Look at you, Piccolo...!
I guess you knocked out
some pretty good training
in the Hyperbolic
Time Chamber, huh?
That's right.
Well it really shows!
Congrats!
You seem way stronger
than you were before!
Stop beating around the
bush... Yes, I'm strong...
But I'm still useless up
against the likes of Cell.
Yeah...
That sounds about right.
Heh... You're honest to
a fault, you know that?
But enough chatter...
what brings you here?
Can you split into
two Namekians again,
like you were back before
you merged with Kami?
Why so?
Well, because as
soon as you and Kami
mashed yourselves
into one person,
all of the Dragon
Balls disappeared.
It'd be great if we could
get 'em working again,
so we can make a wish to undo
all the damage Cell's caused...
And y'know, it might
not be a bad idea
to have them handy
later on, too.
A noble thought.
But I'm afraid that
that's impossible.
Now that Kami and I are merged,
we can never be separate
entities again...
If splitting were possible,
I wouldn't have delayed my
decision for as long as I did.
Well, darn... Thought
I was onto something...
Okay, then...
Hey...! Here's an idea:
I seem to remember Gohan telling
me that the surviving Namekians
had found themselves a new
planet somewhere, right...?
So all I gotta do
is track 'em down!
What?
If I can find the
Namekians out in space...
I'll try to
convince one of 'em
to live at the Lookout
for a while...
We'll get a new
Guardian to make us
some new Dragon Balls...! Done!
[POPO AND PICCOLO GASP]
Now, if you'll all excuse me,
I've got some searching to do!
Ah! Exellent!
This is the best idea I've
heard in a very long time!
That's all well and good,
but how are you going
to find them...?
We have no idea what planet
they ended up on...
It'll take
way too much time.
What are you talking about?!
I can use Instant Transmission
and be there in a flash!
Their energy is gonna
be like yours...
I'll focus hard on outer
space and find it.
[PICCOLO] You can sense
power from that far away?
Probably...
I mean, long as they're not
sitting in outer outer space...
Let's give it a shot...
Everyone, please be still.
[MISTER POPO GULPS]
[GOKU GRUNTS]
Huh...?
Hmm...
No dice! Whole lotta
nothing! Sorry, guys!
Huh...?!
But! I got another idea...!
I'll just head over
to King Kai's place
and try to sense
'em from there!
'Kay... Now... I just gotta
focus on his energy and...
Wooo! Found him! Bye!
This... seems
like a stretch.
I can't figure out if Goku's
a genius or soft in the head.
[GOHAN] Hello!
[ROSHI] Well, isn't this
a surprise? Come on in!
[KRILLIN LAUGHS]
Of course, Goku
just up and left
while we were making
our way over here...
I don't know what that man
is thinking sometimes...!
[KING FURRY]
Citizens of the world,
this is your king.
Hmm...?
As all of saw during
the live broadcast...
...the entirety of
the Royal Defense Force
was defeated earlier today by
the creature known as Cell...
The fault's mine,
and mine alone.
To their families and
friends, I am sorry...
Sending them out was our
best chance at survival.
The stark truth is, there
is nothing more we can do.
But please, my dear subjects,
do not lose heart...!
Long ago, a young
man stepped forward
and delivered us from the terror
of the evil King Piccolo.
Maybe that hero will
save us one more time.
All we have now... is hope.
If that's all we've got...
I'm sorry... We don't have much.
[NARRATOR]
Hurry, Goku...!
Bring back the Dragon Balls,
to undo the damage
caused by Cell,
and the damage yet to come!
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU] Hey, it's me, Goku!
Let's make some
Dragon Balls, yeah?
[BULMA]
Goku, why don't you just
wish for more strength?
That'd sure come in handy!
[GOKU]
Nah... this wish is gonna be
for the people Cell took out...
Besides, Bulma, only training
is gonna make me stronger.
Next time on
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
"A New Guardian! The Return
of the Dragon Balls!"
It'd be nice if we could
wish for victory,
but it'll be a lot more
fun to win it myself!